So you 've got some feelings about your favorite football team . Head to the Nodding Donkey , where you can yell at the many TVs with new friends . I 'd stay away from this place if you 're wanting to casually watch a game . It 's best for rowdy afternoons where shots are involved . This place can get slammed later in the evening , so the best time to grab a drink is right after dinner . Pull up a chair on the patio if the weather 's nice ( and you can even bring your dog ! ) or grab a seat inside at the sexy , dark-wooded bar . The bartenders are happy to whip up a special cocktail if you steer them towards spirits you like , but they 're not annoying about it . Whiskey-cokes are totally allowed . Your friends say they want Tex-Mex . Try Mexican restaurant Urban Taco instead . The patio is one of many great spots on McKinney Avenue to watch the pretty people go by . Lunch or dinner has to start with a salsa sampler . ( Three cost only $ 3.50 , and you can add more salsas for $ 1 each . ) If your friends are into food , you 'll likely launch into a spirited debate over whether the jalapeño zucchini is better than the guajillo piquin . But there 's no question on the drinks pairing : margarita on the rocks it is . Maybe you 're hungover . Or maybe you 're just hungry . Chuy 's at Knox/Henderson is a chain restaurant I keep as my Cheat Meal . You 'll find occasionally greasy , always cheesy Tex-Mex dishes like `` big as yo ' face '' chicken burritos , beef enchiladas and chile rellenos . It 'll be the cheapest meal you buy all weekend . Late-night food in a late-night 'hood is a must , and oftentimes that means mediocre pizza covered with jalapeños and too much ranch dressing . Not here . The khao soi ( chicken with curry sauce and egg noodles ) is a favorite . It is weird to valet park your car , then go sit outside on a picnic table . But that 's just how it works at Katy Trail Ice House , easily Uptown 's most popular patio , and we 're not here to mess with a good thing . Bring your dog and 12 of your friends for backyard boozing . It 's a quintessential Uptown experience . If you 're a good singer , you 're welcome to perform at the McKinney Avenue Tavern on karaoke nights ( Thursdays , Fridays and Saturdays ) . But if you 're a bad singer , that 's when the real fun begins . It 's a stay-all-night kind of place . Brunch is a way of life in Uptown , and Bread Winners Cafe and Bakery is one of the legendary spots . It 's appropriate for a bite after church , or a good meal while mom 's in town , but it 's plenty fun for a group of girlfriends recovering from last night , too . Waiting for a table at Bread Winners is also a way of life in Uptown . You ca n't knock a place for being consistently popular . For the cheapest happy hour maybe ever : Si Tapas If you 're not choosy about what you drink , you can eat and drink your way through Si Tapas on weekdays from 4-7 p.m. for 10 bucks . A select number of tapas such as fried calamari and shrimp in garlic are $ 3 each . Bottles of house wine and pitchers of sangria are $ 12 each . By my calculations , your $ 10 per person will get four people two bottles of wine and four appetizers . Deal . 