From aisle layout to bathroom location and inventory , the new store is almost indistinguishable from other locations you might have visited en route to Austin , Houston or Louisiana . But , whoever said that 's a bad thing ? If you 're new to the concept or curious about a few things specific to the new Fort Worth location , here 's a glimpse inside the cult favorite . In this crazy mixed-up world , Beaver Bites and Beaver Nuggets are things you actually want to encounter . So are red , white and blue purses that look like the Texas flag and jars of pickled watermelon rind . With 60,000 square feet , Buc-ee 's offers a lot to explore . Sure , most of it 's ridiculous , but does n't that kind of feel like home ? This is where you 'll find a mini pecan pie or candy you have n't eaten since childhood . Come on : Is n't a part of you morbidly curious as to what a Wax Bottle tastes like to an adult palate ? When 's the last time you twisted the top off of a glass bottled Coke ? There 's no time like the present . If you 've been to Buc-ee 's in Temple on an Austin road-trip , you already know that it does n't have to be opening week for it to be a madhouse . Around every aisle corner or on the way into the `` World Famous '' bathrooms ( called so for their cleanliness ) , you 'll find folks heads-down tapping on their smart phones , busily documenting the quirky treasures spotted on their summer vacation pit stop . Perhaps they 've never seen people pushing full-sized shopping carts through a gas station before . Neither is it uncommon to see folks just standing in a daze in oddly inconvenient places . It 's a gas station , but it 's not inexpensive Gas itself is , in fact , fairly cheap at the moment -- regular is currently $ 1.98 per gallon -- but , not much else is . Thinking about getting your cousin a TCU branded washers set for his birthday ? That 'll set you back $ 99.99 for the board and $ 19.99 for the purple and white washers . How about an iron that makes Texas-shaped waffles ? $ 59.99 , please . But , that 's nothing . Even if you 're not enticed by kitschy swag , food and treats add up , as well . It 's easy to leave with snack sticker shock . Buc-ee 's can feel like a God-send when you 're on a long road-trip , hungry and unfamiliar with the area . Sure , you could get off the highway and take chances on a rumored Dairy Queen that may-or-may-not have shut down for good in the mid-'90s . But , you 'd rather not , and that 's part of the Buc-ee 's beauty . The new Fort Worth location is no exception : It 's right at the intersection of I-35 and Texas 114 . That said , it 's not a restaurant . There are n't tables or booths or -- come to think of it -- not even any benches outside . Buc-ee 's food can be right tasty , and there is plenty of it , but do n't expect to sit and stay . You eat in your car . Or , leaning up against a mound of deer feed piled on the front sidewalk . Stained shirts are almost inevitable . It 's the Buc-ee 's way . It 's hard to get into -- right now We mentioned that the new Fort Worth store 's location is laudable , and there 's a lot of truth to that . But , current construction means that traffic lanes are already narrowed on seemingly every side of it . Expect long waits at four-way stops and possible detours before you even get into the lot . Oh , and once you 're there , even though the lots are massive , that does n't mean finding a parking will be a breeze . There 's the aforementioned meandering , both by pedestrians and drivers , and you might find yourself pulling into the back 40 and hoofing it a ways into the store . Scroll through for more wonderfully ridiculous finds at Buc-ee 's Fort Worth : 