Dallas-Fort Worth may not be Hollywood , but the region still reps its share of famous faces . After all , who needs a Walk of Fame when you could be immortalized within the walls of a proprietary bar , restaurant or music venue ? Check out nine stars who have done just that in North Texas . Owning a drive-in movie theater was long a pipe dream for King of the Parrotheads , Jimmy Buffett , but in 2013 he made it a reality with the opening of Coyote Drive-In in Fort Worth . Buffett 's an investor in that location and , in 2014 , performed a memorable concert there that was broadcast to 90 drive-ins nationwide . Three-pointers and pizza sauce are both in LeBron James ' repertoire since 2012 when he invested in Blaze Fast-Fire 'd Pizza chain , which aims to be `` the Starbucks of fast-casual . '' D-FW 's first location opened in May 2015 in Frisco and another recently opened in Arlington , but a couple more are on the way in Fort Worth and The Colony . Gwyneth Paltrow first broke into the Dallas business scene with a pop-up clothing and housewares store in 2014 , but apparently that was too short-lived . In February 2015 , the actress opened Blo Blow Dry Bar on Knox Street in Uptown Dallas ; it was the salon franchise 's 47th location . Paltrow spent at least enough time in Dallas to pick out her 10 favorite hangouts . The Rustic restaurant , bar and venue was built with country music in mind , which makes sense considering Pat Green is part-owner . Green has performed at the Rustic numerous times since its opening in 2013 , and is scheduled for a concert there on St. Patrick 's Day . The business has also consistently been one of the biggest booze-slingers in town , likely thanks to its location and wealth of Texas craft beers and spirits . In 2015 , the Rustic sold upwards of $ 6.3 million in alcohol . Gas Monkey patriarch Richard Rawlings is a household name among gear heads worldwide , but the empire starts in Big D. It 's here that Rawlings , a born and raised Dallasite , founded the now-iconic Gas Monkey Garage , which is featured weekly on Discovery Channel 's Fast 'N Loud , as well as several subsidiaries , including restaurant Gas Monkey Bar and Grill and music venue Gas Monkey Live . He 's also planning to add a fast-casual drive-in concept this summer . Kidd Kraddick in the Morning Show host Big Al owns one of the most popular sports bars in Dallas . McKinney Avenue Tavern , colloquially known as the MAT , is a hot spot any game day , especially during football season , and the among the Sunday Funday crowd . ( When those two things overlap ; beware of the party . ) Big Al makes regular appearances , as do other celebrities such as Jerry Springer , who annually celebrates Elvis Presley 's birthday with karaoke . Food Network TV host Guy Fieri is known for eating the biggest and the baddest grub in the country , so it only makes sense he 'd want to open a proprietary restaurant in Dallas . After all -- say it with me -- everything is bigger in Texas . Guy 's Burger Joint , which opened in May 2015 , is located inside Gexa Energy Pavilion in Fair Park , so the only time you can get a taste is during a concert . Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley of rock band KISS had been patronizing the D-FW suburbs recently , as they prepared to open a local location of their music-inspired restaurant Rock and Brews . The first one in Texas opened March 14 in The Colony , nestled near the behemoth Nebraska Furniture Mart . Expect pizzas , sandwiches , beer and a whole lot of music iconography . 