One evening last month , having somehow wandered far beyond my urban comfort zone , I stopped in for a drink at Rye , a bustling bistro just off the square in McKinney . No , not McKinney Avenue , the trendy SMU hang in Uptown where , not surprisingly , some of DFW 's best cocktail joints have clustered in the last five years -- but McKinney , the fast-growing former farm center 45 minutes north of Dallas . Surely , I thought , even at this suburban outpost , I could score a decent gin and tonic . Possibly even an Old Fashioned . But as I scanned bar manager Manny Casas ' drink list , I found myself eyeballing anything-but-rural components : Mole bitters ; gomme syrup ; aloe liqueur ; Fernet Francisco ; honey-blessed Barr Hill gin . And then I noticed the small barrel to my left , which -- as I would soon discover -- harbored a terrific barrel-aged variation on the classic Negroni . My cocktail destinations had grown by one . It 's more challenging than ever to keep up with the constantly expanding universe of cocktails in Dallas-Fort Worth . In the area 's farthest reaches , and in places that five years ago would have been content to serve simple mixed drinks , you can now ask for a Sazerac , or a Last Word , and avoid the indignity of blank stares or massive shade . Quantity does n't necessarily equal quality , of course , and pretty surroundings alone do not a great cocktail bar make . DFW 's craft cocktail landscape in 2016 was n't without its casualties -- notably Knox-Henderson 's Hibiscus , whose small but well-informed bar program was a place that did it right , and noble but aborted ventures like Frisco 's Vicini and , in Lower Greenville , Knuckle Sandwich and Remedy , destined to close by year 's end . But from straight-up cocktail bars like Oak Cliff 's Jettison and clubby enclaves like Quill in the Design District to cocktail-minded food joints like East Dallas ' Lounge Here , Uptown 's Next Door and Quarter Bar in ( gulp ) Trophy Club , the boozy buffet available to cocktail drinkers showed few signs of abating . ( And Hide in Deep Ellum and Frisco 's Bottled in Bond are still to come . ) At their very best , these spots echo -- and often are part of -- fine restaurants , offering a variety of attributes as well-balanced as their cocktails : Efficient , attentive and consistent service ; fresh ingredients attuned to the passing seasons ; an energizing and welcoming vibe ; the ability to cater to tastes simple and complex ; and a savvy and innovative bar staff mindful of the history inherent in each drink they serve . Here , in alphabetical order , were my favorite 15 craft-cocktail spots in 2016 . Most come to the highly regarded Knox-Henderson restaurant for its fine dining -- but personally , I never make it past the classy , comfortable bar and its black-clad crew of Jordan Gantenbein , Jason Long and John Campbell . Abacus ' thoughtful and playful drink list is a standout from season to season -- Gantenbein 's Rosemary Wreath , pictured at top , was a wintry thing of beauty -- but the off-road adventures are equally delicious and fun , as in Long 's recent mix of mezcal , cinnamon syrup and amaro . Black Swan Saloon is a craft-cocktail lover 's dive bar , where barman Gabe Sanchez makes it look easy , firing volleys of classic and original drinks at the eager Deep Ellum hordes while somehow creating a backyard post-BBQ atmosphere . Among DFW 's early craft-cocktail spots , the Swan 's speakeasy vibe ( there 's no signage outside ) is captured in the image of Clint Eastwood above the back bar : anonymous and enigmatic , rough around the edges , coolly efficient . No drink list here ; just tell the bar peeps what you 're in the mood for or point at one of Sanchez ' latest jarred infusions . Look who 's back . Once the shining light in Dallas ' budding craft drink scene , Cedars Social 's nationally acclaimed promise imploded in what we simply refer to as The Great Unpleasantness , thereafter plummeting off the craft-cocktail radar . Several iterations later , barman Mike Sturdivant is at the helm , and things are looking bright again : Along with Dallas pastry chef Annika Loureiro , he 's crafted a refreshingly original cocktail menu -- try the Soju Spice , which makes excellent use of the Korean rice-based spirit -- while staying true to pre- and Prohibition-era classics . The latest addition to Oak Cliff is a welcome one , especially for imbibers of sherry , the Spanish fortified wine , and mezcal , the smoky agave spirit mostly from Oaxaca . Discreetly nestled within the Sylvan Thirty complex next to Houndstooth Coffee , whose owner , Sean Henry , launched Jettison as his initial cocktail venture , it 's a sleek and shadowy hidey-hole where barman George Kaiho crafts excellent classic twists like the Red Headed Oaxacan , a play on the Penicillin fielding both tequila and mezcal along with honeyed ginger syrup , lemon and a float of Scotch . This rock-and-roll hideaway in the underbelly of downtown Dallas ' Joule Hotel just keeps getting better , a lush and well-structured space equipped to manage the peaks and valleys of hotel and weekend crowds . The long-awaited project from Chad Solomon and Christy Pope , which opened just over two years ago , is purposely efficient , lavishly designed and wholly adventurous , driven by Solomon 's bordering-on-geeky cocktail-science know-how : Witness the Pinetop Perker , which graced Midnight Rambler 's spring menu , a woodsy wallop of genever , aquavit , pine , lemon , egg white , apple schnapps and a perfume-like `` alpine woodland essence '' spritzed atop a floating dehydrated lemon wheel . What if there were a place where you could pluck away the plumage of more involved libations and jump directly into the embrace of your whiskey or gin without feeling like a vegan at a Vegas buffet ? Well , my friends , The Mitchell is your place . The stately space in the former home of Eddie `` Lucky '' Campbell 's Chesterfield in downtown Dallas boasts 50 kinds of gin and a hundred different whiskeys , the better to meet your martini , Old Fashioned or straight-up sipping requirements . And the glassware is beautiful too . Comfortably nestled within the labyrinth of Uptown apartments off raucous McKinney Avenue , Lucky Campbell 's gem of a bar can often be as busy as its 100-plus drink list . Just the same , the well-trained crew , featuring the occasional visiting star bartender , keeps the crowds soused and entertained from behind the horseshoe-shaped bar , whether the vibe is loud or laid-back . With concoctions like Jesse Powell 's unnamed mix of aged tequila , sweet potato truffle syrup , sherry , apple and cinnamon , Parliament is a first-rate cocktail den with Cheers-style ease , a special combination indeed . The Mockingbird Station stalwart is still going strong in its second-level space , churning out an ever-changing list of libations behind a veteran bar team led by general manager Devin McCullough . The People 's Last Stand 's drinks are original and varied -- and occasionally playful , as in the wintry Petra at Night , a hot rum cider mix served with apple slices and mini wafers , and Mr. Joe Black , an equally snack-y blend of rye and cold-brew coffee featuring blackberries , brown sugar and cayenne-sugared pecans . `` Everybody 's got their little side munch going on , '' McCullough said . Another of DFW 's initial craft-cocktail practitioners , this Henderson Avenue landmark found its footing again under beloved general manager Matt Ragan . Though Ragan recently departed , Victor Tangos ' cocktail program remains in the able hands of bar manager Andrew Stofko , one of the city 's most exciting young talents ; among Stofko 's 2016 creations was The Dread Pirate Roberts , whose intricate mix of Brazilian cachaca , grapefruit liqueur , bitter Suze , lemon , cinnamon syrup , Angostura and hopped grapefruit bitters was wonderfully reminiscent of tart apple pie . 