Truck Yard has earned the reputation as one of Dallas ' most popular bars thanks to its giant backyard , ever-rotating lineup of food trucks and unpretentious attitude . And this fall , owner Jason Boso is bringing its funky vibe to Funky Town . Truck Yard is expanding to a second location in the former Crystal Springs Dance Pavilion in Fort Worth , confirmed Boso this week . It 's expected to open in the fall . [ UPDATE April 25 at 2:38 p.m. : Truck Yard is also opening a location in The Colony near Nebraska Furniture Mart , according to an announcement today . It joins other restaurants , such as Heritage Pizza Co. and Mi Cocina . See more details here . ] Boso , who also owns Twisted Root Burger Co. , has been looking to open a Truck Yard satellite for `` years , '' but the search for a location was n't easy . `` Truck Yard is difficult because it ’ s very reliant on a cool space , '' he says . `` It needs the right size , it needs the trees , it needs the right views and adjacent parking . '' Luckily he found all that and more in the Crystal Springs site . The former dance hall , which opened in the 1920s , is credited as the birthplace of Western Swing thanks to local music legends such as Milton Brown and James Robert `` Bob '' Wills . Truck Yard will be part of the Crystal Springs on the River development , which includes 60,000 square feet of restaurant and retail space , as reported by Fort Worth Business last summer . The Cowtown edition of the backyard bar will be similar to the flagship , says Boso . Plans include three bars ( one indoor , one in a tree house and one in a converted 1940s bus ) , an outdoor patio with view of the Trinity River , space for up to four food trucks onsite and a stage for live music . This one , however , will house two permanent restaurants : Truck Yard 's signature Philly cheese steak bar , Steak Me Home Tonight , as well as BBQ concept pioneered by a Fort Worth chef whose name is being kept hush . Specifics of the venue 's setup are still be nailed down , but thirsty residents can expect beer , wine and liquor here . Boso also plans to continue relationships with distiller the 86 Co. , whose founder Jason Kosmas created cocktails on tap for the Dallas location . Truck Yard was deemed one of the best day-drinking spots in the country by Yelp in 2015 . Boso says he 's not currently scouting other locations in D-FW , but another either here ( maybe Plano , he muses ) or around the state is never out of the question . 