Oklahoma Sooners quarterback Baker Mayfield ( 6 ) celebrates with the anti-UT downward `` Hook 'em horns '' after running back Samaje Perine ( 32 ) scored a touchdown to make the score 41-27 in the second half during the Red River Showdown between the Oklahoma Sooners and Texas Longhorns at the Cotton Bowl at Fair Park in Dallas Saturday October 8 , 2016 . Oklahoma Sooners beat Texas Longhorns 45-40 . ( Andy Jacobsohn/The Dallas Morning News ) If not for fireworks , New Year 's Day is famous for one other thing -- the infamous resolutions . They're the reasons gyms are packed and the produce aisles in grocery stores nearly empty for the first two weeks of January . While the Sooners ca n't promise to lose weight or eat healthier this year , let 's take a look at a few New Year 's resolutions for Oklahoma in 2017 . Oklahoma basketball has had a less-than-stellar beginning to its season , including a 76-50 blowout loss at the hands of No . 4 Baylor on Dec. 28 . The Sooners sit at 6-6 , which is a bit outside the NCAA Tournament bubble this early in the season . It 's highly unlikely , but , if Oklahoma goes on a run through the Big 12 over the first two and a half months of 2017 , it could sneak into the postseason . Otherwise , it wo n't be a good look for a team that made the Final Four before losing three starters last year . Especially during the last few weeks of 2016 , Oklahoma 's national image was not great . The weight of the Joe Mixon situation , which had hung heavy over the program for the better part of two and a half years , came to a climax two days before Christmas with an apology press conference from the player . If , God-forbid , something else were to happen in 2017 that would reflect poorly on OU , let 's hope it 's handled better than Mixon -- which seemed like a multi-year struggle between the university , Mixon and his legal team . At just 33 years old , Oklahoma OC Lincoln Riley is already considered one of the best offensive minds in college football and was sought after for a number of jobs following the conclusion of the 2016 regular season -- most notably Houston . The Sooners should find a way to lock down the young coach long-term in 2017 , whether that involves naming him coach-in-waiting or giving him a ludicrous raise . For the sake of its future , letting Riley go would be detrimental , at best . Twice in two years at Oklahoma , QB Baker Mayfield has finished in the top-four in Heisman voting . In 2016 , the Sooners sent two players to New York City -- Mayfield and WR Dede Westbrook . With Mayfield returning for his senior season ( and possibly RB Joe Mixon joining him ? ) , is the third time the charm ? This one can be accomplished relatively early in the year . Oklahoma is well on its way to securing the Big 12 's best 2017 football recruiting class , highlighted by 16 four-star commits and seven three-stars , according to ESPN . However , the Sooners still lack a commitment from a five-star prospect , something that would greatly increase their chances of locking down a top-five spot come Signing Day . Luckily , Stoops and co. are still in the running for a few down the stretch . 