DETROIT , MI - DECEMBER 02 : Robert Spillane # 10 of the Western Michigan Broncos celebrates his fourth quarter interception with Asantay Brown # 6 , Eric Assoua # 33 , and Justin Tranquill # 2 while playing the Ohio Bobcats during the MAC Championship on December 2 , 2016 at Ford Field in Detroit , Michigan . ( Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images ) Linebacker Robert Spillane , Western Michigan 's first signee of the 2014 recruiting class , bookended the Broncos ' season with two of the team 's biggest plays . The junior from Oak Park , Ill. , forced a fumble to get their undefeated season going with a 22-21 win over Northwestern . His interception secured their 29-23 victory over Ohio in the MAC title game . Spillane orally committed to Western Michigan during its 1-11 season in 2013 . His first unofficial visit to a college was his last . He told head coach P.J . Fleck it was his destiny to be a Bronco . `` I knew this was family , and I knew that other schools had called and wanted me to come visit , '' he said . `` But I knew that my verbal commit was my bond . '' Spillane said people tried to talk him out of the decision . `` Even the family members were like , 'Coach Fleck is just using Western [ Michigan ] to take the next step , ' '' Spillane said . `` But they did n't understand that he 's about family and he 's about love and he really is about developing players in a program . And he 's done that , and I 've just been happy since the day I got there with my decision . '' Chryst impressed with Fleck : Fleck caught Wisconsin coach Paul Chryst 's eye long before they first met each other . Fleck 's success , by Chryst 's account during Sunday 's joint news conference , was impressive . The two officially met last spring at a Wisconsin football clinic . `` When you see what someone is doing or a group of people are doing that 's impressive , then like anything , you want to grow as a person , '' Chryst said . `` I do as a coach . And so you try to follow and get ideas and see what people are doing . '' Fleck does n't have much memory of playing Wisconsin : Fleck reflected on his playing days at Northern Illinois during Sunday 's news conference . Fleck and the Huskies lost to Wisconsin , 24-21 , in Madison , Wis. , on Sept. 14 , 2002 . Fleck , then a senior wide receiver , barely recalled playing in the game . `` I do n't even think I even played in that game , '' Fleck said . `` I think I hurt my hamstring , so I had to fair catch every punt known to man to be honest with you . Coach [ Joe ] Novak just put me back there to fair catch . '' Fleck caught six punts for no yards in the loss . He played for the Huskies from 1999-2003 before heading to the NFL for a two-year career . He started coaching in 2006 as a graduate assistant at Ohio State . Different résumés : Wisconsin has faced a more difficult schedule than Western Michigan . The Badgers have played six teams that were ranked in the top 10 at the time of the game . They posted a 3-3 record in those games with victories over LSU , Michigan State and Nebraska and losses to Michigan , Ohio State and Penn State . Against common opponents : Briefly : Wisconsin ranks first nationally in average time of possession ( 35:00 ) . Western Michigan ranks fourth ( 34:00 ) . ... The Broncos rank first in turnover margin ( plus-19 ) with 26 takeaways ( 15 INTs , 11 fumbles ) and seven giveaways ( 3 INTs , 4 fumbles ) . The Badgers rank ninth at plus-11 with 27 takeaways ( 21 INTs , 6 fumbles ) and 16 giveaways ( 10 INTs , 6 fumbles ) . 